I heard that you want to cover the top floor of the Oriental Pearl.
The boss has explained the process to me.
Someone will come later.
Okay, okay.
What about people? No one?
I want to lease the top floor
Oh, hello, sir.
I'm Jiang Yu, the manager here
What's your name?
Ye Chen
Mr. Ye, uh, let me show you the top floor
No need to sign directly follow the procedure
I want the top floor with the most luxurious decoration as the standard
Swipe your card, there is no password.
Mr. Ye is like this
The boss has already explained it to me.
The right to use it will be fully handed over to you.
And there's no charge.
It will also be done according to your wishes.
Don't worry.
This is the top floor of the Oriental Pearl
No charge
Do you see it?
Well, that's the power of the big shots.
Okay, go get busy, okay.
Heart of the Ocean
The project with Kyushu Business Alliance will be won soon
Yan Ruoxue, you can't run away this time